Este - Google Closure-based project boilerplate

What's that?

  It's my beloved development stack. Run one script, to compile Coffeescript,
  Stylus, Soy templates, update deps.js, run insanely fast unit tests, on file
  change (cmd-s). One console output for all these wonderful tools. Tested on
  mac and win.

How to use it?

  Install Node.js, Java, Python.
  npm install -g coffee-script
  npm install -g mocha
  npm install -g stylus
  Clone repository.
  Update Closure submodule.
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
  Sublimetext install: todo
  Type 'node assets/js/dev/start' in console from project root.
  Build something beautiful.

Scripts

  node assets/js/dev/start app
    - start simple server, app.html as "index.html"
    - watch and compile stylus files
    - watch and compile soy templates
    - watch and compile coffee files
      - then updates deps.js
      - then run tests

  node assets/js/dev/build app
    - compile app
    - --one, --html, --stage options (todo)

Ok. I got it, what's next?

  Take a look at the app. It does almost nothing. Just define app structure,
  namespacing (by features ftw), how component uses templates, custom events,
  compilation into one über small file. This is just the beginning. TodoMVC
  (mobile version) is in process. In the meantime, you can see what este.mvc
  namespace contains.

este.mvc

  Model, collection, simple router (todo: link to examples). Wait for TodoMVC.

Namespaces

  Namespaces in assets/js. App is obvious, dev are development scripts, este
  is my personal everything-i-consider-as-reusable library. You, or your
  company, should definitely have own persisted-shared-wisdom library too.

Near future

  TodoMVC (mobile version)
  app localization
  neat validations
  two-way databinding

Change Log

  06/30/12
    [change] - start.js needs project parameter (same as build.js)
    [bugfix] start.js compiles xy-template.html files on start
    [improvement] faster *.coffee compilation (closure desp are async now)






